I made $275,766
from one YouTube video. And just to show
you proof, this is the Stripe dashboard.
This is $345,000 Singapore, which is the
equivalent of $275766.
And I'm going to show you back here, I'm
going to refresh the page just to show
you that this is legit. And in a bit,
I'm going to show you what the exact
video is. So, you can see over here,
$345,000
just on one payment processor. I use
Wise, I use other stripes, and I have
other businesses, too, that I drive my
YouTube traffic towards. And for
context, this is the video. This is my
full YouTube script writing course that
has gotten over $250,000 views, $800 in
ad revenue, and it's still getting 300
views every 48 hours. So, it's an
evergreen video, and it still gets
views, you know, even 450 days after it
was first published. And this video not
only brought me a bunch of sales, but it
also made me niche famous in the YouTube
script writing space. If you want to
learn about YouTube scripts, I'm your
guy. And the reason I was able to do
this was because I had a YouTube
presentation. And in this video, I want
to break down the six fundamentals of a
viral YouTube presentation. And that is
meant to educate, build trust, and
generate you thousands and thousands of
leads per video. And the best part is
you can be completely dog at
YouTube and still do this. My name is
Brian and I've written YouTube scripts
for the biggest educational channels on
YouTube. So, let's start off with why
you want to have a YouTube presentation
on your channel in the very first place
because number one, it's an evergreen
asset. As you can see over here, it is
getting still 342 views every 48 hours.
And the majority of the views that it's
getting is actually from YouTube search.
So people going on YouTube search,
search searching about YouTube script
writing and it is ranking for that
specific search term and it's actually
standing out among all of the other
videos. And you can see here 250,000
views on a 1 hour 30inut video. If you
had a video that was 1 hour and 30
minutes that educated your audience on
your niche and built authority for you
and got 250,000 views with literally
thousands and thousands of watch hours,
would you make a video like this? And
would this be something that grows your
business? If you had a,000 people watch
this video, if you had 10,000 people
watch this video, would this be of
benefit to your business? If the answer
is yes, then this video is for you. So,
I want to go over the six fundamentals
of what makes a great YouTube
presentation. And that starts with the
idea. So, in terms of this video idea, I
decided to make this full YouTube script
writing course because full YouTube
courses were blowing up and still are
blowing up. And I noticed this in the
trading niche, in the drop shipping
niche. So I was thinking what if I could
make a full YouTube video on just
exclusively YouTube script writing and
dump everything that I know about
YouTube script writing into that video.
So it would be the most valuable
valuable asset on YouTube script
writing. Plus there was a content gap
there. There were a bunch of short
videos that were 10 minutes and 15
minutes on YouTube script writing but
there were no videos that were ultra
long that explained the topic of YouTube
script writing from start to finish. So
it was a combination of number one full
courses performing extremely well and
there being a market gap with relation
to how long the existing YouTube script
writing videos were. So that's why I
decided to make this full YouTube script
writing course. Other directions that I
actually consider in terms of making
this video is that I could have made a
video on full YouTube growth which a
couple other people have done and have
done super successfully. But I wanted to
make a video that specifically solved a
specific problem for a specific customer
avatar, which is someone wanting to
learn YouTube scripts and I wanted to
create the best resource on it because
that was my competitive advantage and
still is. So I want to make something
that I'm knowledgeable about and that
way it is a lot easier to make. So the
idea full YouTube script writing course,
I knew I wanted it to be long, which
brought me to actually scripting the
video, which starts with the hook,
right? And in terms of the hook
framework, I don't want to over
complicate it. Really, I just want to
tell them that, hey, you're going to
watch this video and this is what you're
going to get. And generally with shorter
videos that we make about 8, 10, 15
minutes long, the hook has to be a lot
tighter. It has to be, you know, within
the 30 secondond range. Some people say
it's even within the 15-second range for
the hook. But really, for a video like
this, the hook can be longer because the
goal of the hook is to sell the viewer
on watching the entire video. But
really, selling the viewer on watching a
1 hour and 30 minute video is a lot
harder in 30 seconds. So, we can
actually sell a lot longer in the first
minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes on exactly
what they're going to get from when they
watch so that when they go past the hump
of the hook, they will actually watch
even longer. We may lose a couple
viewers, but the people who stay for the
first 3 minutes will know exactly what
they're going to get. And that will
likely increase the watch time of that
average viewer. And likely your video
will go more viral because it is higher
watch time and there's a higher session
time and the people who watch from start
to finish or your course will absolutely
love you for it. So for our hook, we
follow the proof promise plan. And I'm
going to break down my hook that I used
here in a second. So, I started off the
hook with I don't know a whole lot about
YouTube. I'm not that good at coming up
with ideas. My thumbnails are okay, but
if there's one thing that I'm good at,
it's how to write a great YouTube
script. And that's exactly what we're
going to be talking about today. So,
instantly, I highlight the objection of
why is this guy making a video on
YouTube script writing, not YouTube
growth. Conceding that I'm not that good
at something creates comfortability,
right? It creates vulnerability. I'm
sharing something that I'm not that good
at and that creates relatability, right?
In this video, I kind of, you know, look
like a kid. I got glasses and, you know,
there's like toys in the background. So,
I'm trying to create some sort of
relatability with kind of the text here
in the initial hook that I'm making. So,
I saying, "Oh, I'm not that good at
this, but really good at this one thing,
which is what I'm going to tell you
about." And then the second line is
where I established proof, right? In the
last nine months, I've written YouTube
scripts for 40 plus educational channels
and helped them gain millions of views,
generate millions of dollars in revenue
for their business. I've worked with
channels like Instantly AI, High Fury,
Dave Fogertity, and other channels with
millions of subscribers. And my client
pay me thousands of dollars to write
scripts for them. So, I can frontload
the proof because I'm really trying to
get them to watch the video. So, this is
why you should absolutely listen to me.
And in this video, I'm going to review
everything that you need to know about
how to write a killer YouTube script
that will get you millions of views. But
before I get into the content, I have
some bad news. This video is going to be
over an hour long. So, once again, you
call out the objection. they're going to
tell them, "Hey, this video is an hour
long. I don't know if I should watch
it." So, you tell them directly. You
call the audience out. So, if you don't
have the attention span to watch this
video for 5 minutes and take notes,
sorry to tell you, but you're probably
not going to make it. And you might
think that this sentence doesn't
actually work, but when you look at the
comments, there are lots of comments
that say, "Hey, if you didn't tell me
that I wasn't going to make it and that
if I don't have the attention span for 5
minutes, I wouldn't have watched this."
So, this is really a way to call the
view, tell them, "Hey, you have to watch
this video." And in the next line, we
say, "We're going to be talking about
why you should script a video in the
first place, how to come up with video
ideas, my five-step system to creating
viral scripts, how to write a hook, how
to write the body section, basically
telling them all of the different
modules that I'm going to go over. And
that way, you can see my thought
process, writing scripts, start to
finish, and you can replicate my exact
process. So, by the end of this video,
my promise to you is that you will have
everything you need to write a script
from start to finish in half the time,
and have your video perform better."
Let's get into it. So once again, I
reiterate the promise. So you can see
here all of these different sections has
a purpose. Section one is to create
vulnerability and tell them they're
exactly getting what they're going to
get in the first 15 seconds. And then I
load it with proof. Tell them exactly
what they're going to get. The breakdown
of the exact modules and reiterate them,
hey, this is exactly what you're going
to get when you watch from start to
finish. So this is a longer hook. The
first 30 second retention might be
worse, but once again, you are selling
the viewer on watching the entire video.
And this is extremely crucial to make a
slightly longer hook when you are
creating a longer video and a full
course like this. So just like that, you
have the exact hook framework nailed
down and broken down exactly the way
that I write it. Now once you have the
hook, now we got to get into the meat
and bones of the video and that is
looking at the body. Right? So I'm going
to break down and look at some of the
slides that I have here. So over here if
you look at the slide deck immediately
after the hook right I list all of the
proof that I have and I reiterate my
proof right so I start with the
companies that I work with kind of the
videos that you get right here all the
channels that I work with blah blah blah
and I really really try to frontload
this to really sell the viewer once
again on why they should watch the
video. So over here I start with so
Brian why script right and then I tell
them the importance of the script and
really the alternative way to do that is
to just go into talking about the actual
content of video just you know step one
write the hook step two you know write
the body but I start with why script
because not many of my viewers
understand the importance of scripting.
So once again, if the hook sells them on
why they should watch a script writing
course, the first section after the
hook, I'm selling them that hey,
scripting is important. So that way they
will go out and actually take the
information that I gave them in the
later half of this video, go and apply
it and get results, right? So really,
I'm selling them on, hey, this is
exactly why you need to write a script,
right? It makes your video
moreformational, more entertaining,
right? It'll change the day of the
viewer, right? So reason number one,
write a script so you have better video
that will maximize viewer retention.
Reason two, right? even more, right? Or
all of these big guys, right? Alex Mosy
said this, right? Time savings and
focus. So, it helps you save time. So,
you need to write a script, but maybe
this guy doesn't script or this guy
doesn't script, right? So, you answer
certain objections in the viewer's head,
but really those videos are scripted.
Oh, there's this aha moment there that
kind of explains that, oh, actually
those videos are scripted, right? They
might come off super authentic and
totally unscripted, but they've put a
lot of thought into what they're going
to put on video, right? So, really, and
then I explain next, a good script can
take a b a barely edited video far. So,
why should you not write a script?
Answer, you should, right? And really,
once I sell them, hey, write the hook.
Like, you should watch this video. And I
tell them, hey, you need to write a
script. I tell them the reasons they
need to write a script. And they'll be
like, oh man, I really got to learn how
to write a script. So, I'm going to
watch Brian's YouTube script writing
course from start to finish. I'm even
going to watch it multiple times. I get
multiple views from that exact same
viewer. And then you can see here what
is the definition of scripting. So, I
explain what scripting is and the
different types of scripts that viewers
can have. And then I go into the sauce a
little bit afterwards, which is starting
with the idea or the title. So kind of
at the start of the hook, you
immediately want to sell the viewer on
why they should be watching it or like
why they should be executing on it. So
for example, if you're making a drop
shipping video, it's explaining to the
viewer why drop shipping is the best
vehicle to make money. Or if you are
doing a video on sales, right? you're
giving a course on sales, it's telling
the bureau why sales or even if it's
like a Python course, it's like, hey,
you're watching this Python course,
right? Because Python has this is this
functionalities and you need to learn
Python. You know, Python nowadays is
kind of dead if I'm being honest. Okay?
So, and then once you sell the viewer on
why they should watch it and handle any
objections and anything that they would
have in their head that would possibly
make them not want to watch the video,
only then do you go into the main body
of your content. So, when you're
explaining the body section of your
content, right, you start with the why.
So, for example, if you're explaining
the importance of a title and thumbnail,
right, you need to say, okay, why should
you create a title and thumbnail?
Because why someone does something is
more important than how. Because
understanding the why and the intention
will determine whether they actually
take action or not. If I tell you to go
take out the trash, you're not going to
take out the trash. But if I tell you to
go take out the trash because I want the
house to be clean, you are more likely
to actually go out and take out the
trash. And that is exactly the reason
why we start with the why and explaining
why you decide to do something. If you
notice at the start of this video, how
did I start? I had the hook which showed
you the proof. And then immediately I
went into why you should create this
asset because it is evergreen and it
ranks on search, right? I gave you the
exact reasons why you want to do it and
now you're even more likely to want to
watch this video. Kind of a meta thing
that I did there, right? And then once
you explain why, you immediately go into
the how. Right? So there's actionable
steps that the viewer can take and apply
within the next 24 hours. So that's
giving away framework, thought process,
and templates. Right? Once again, this
is actionable steps, and I defined it as
they can apply it in the next 24 hours.
So, it needs to be so simple, so
actionable, so sharable that it would be
stupid for an 8-year-old not to know how
to implement it. You need to simplify
your content so that it can be consumed
by the most number of people possible.
And a good way to determine if it's good
enough is can the viewer apply it in the
next 24 hours. If they cannot take your
knowledge and apply it in the next 24
hours, it is not simple enough. So you
need to really condense it and break
down your content into something that's
simple to digest. Right? Really anyone
can teach anything, right? There are
thousands and thousands of business
coaches out there. There are thousands
of people who explain how to grow on
YouTube out there. But it is the people
who explain it in the simplest way that
get the most amount of views because it
can be understood by the most number of
people, right? And simple doesn't mean
dumbed down. Simple means that it is
easy to understand, right? and still
capturing the nuance. So you can use
analogies, right? You can break it down
into an exact step that they need to
take. Oh, so to write your hook, follow
this, this, this, and then you show
proof, which is the next point, which is
to demonstrate your expertise. For
example, in a script writing course,
right? In order to demonstrate my
expertise about hookw writing, I can
talk about how to write a hook and then
I write a hook live for a certain title.
or what I did is that I explained all of
the content and then towards the end of
the video, I actually went and edited a
script that one of my clients gave me
and they were like, "Hey, can you review
it for me?" So, I reviewed it live. I
showed how I made comments on the video
and I showed how I actually edited it.
And showing is extremely important in a
course like this because out there there
is a lot of people who are explaining
things that they are not experts at,
right? You need to be an expert at
something and to actually show your
expertise that you know what you're
talking about because anyone can go out
there and explain script writing or
anyone can take the transcript from the
videos that I've posted, put together a
set of slides and go and talk about it.
But not everyone can take a script,
write it from scratch or take a script,
make comments on it and explain to the
viewer why simply each line is wrong and
how I would edit it and I completely
rewrite it in a persuasive way. Right?
Not everyone can do that. It is only
when you actually horn your craft, write
a bunch of scripts that you can actually
show that. So if you are in the drop
shipping niche and you are talking about
finding new products, right, you should
demonstrate how you found a new product,
right? What if in a course like that you
went from finding a new product to
launching a store and making your first
$10,000 with it all within the video? It
will take a little bit more work, but
the important thing is that you show
your expertise because it's only when
you show your expertise do you build
such a level of deep trust that is
otherwise not found on YouTube, right?
So, you want to 100% show your expertise
whatever you can. So, really think in my
course, how can I demonstrate something
live and to really show that I know what
I'm talking about? because that will
make you stand out from the crowd,
especially if your niche has already
done these long courses. And you want to
make the whole thing as valuable as
possible. You want to jam-pack as much
value as possible. There's this metric
called the value per minute. So, you
want to have the highest value per
minute. You want to be, you know, just
condensing all of your information into
a single minute, right? And not waste
any error time. A big mistake that I see
with people creating courses like this
and writing courses like this or making
super long videos is that they will make
it long for no reason and they'll give a
bunch of rubbish to their audience. And
really, when you don't care about all
your audience and you don't have them
top of mind and just feed them a bunch
of rubbish, they can feel it, right?
They know when you are giving them bad
information. They know when you're
actually screwing them. So, they can
feel it through the screen. And really
the reason that this video was an hour
and 30 minutes long is that I actually
cut out a lot of the information that I
initially had because I didn't think
that it was something that was super
valuable to the audience. So it was an
hour 30 minutes in my first run.
Initially my when I shot it, it was
almost 3 hours long, right? Cutting out
all of the cuts, cutting out all of the
parts that were unnecessary. Even over
here when I was going through some of my
scripts, I cut out a lot of the
commentary that I had because there was
just dead air time and it wasn't
particularly useful to the viewer uh
100%. So, I just wanted to cut it down,
shorten it so that I made sure I
delivered the most amount of value per
minute throughout the entire course. And
of course, if you look at my channel
over here, I launched another course uh
like a couple months after uh actually
last month. It's the beginner's guide to
YouTube script writing. And I had 4
hours of content. And the reason I had 4
hours of content now was because I went
out and acquired this information from
working with a bunch of clients, helping
people write a bunch of scripts. And
then only did I have the additional
information and the additional alpha to
actually create this into this super
long asset that, you know, I I think
many people will watch for much longer
time. So really, every single minute is
jam-packed with value. And you can see
here everything is all created with
slides. I actually, you know, wrote all
of this with slides. I had demos and all
of this, right? You can see here there's
me editing scripts. There's me writing
scripts all within here. So, I'm
jam-packing it just with information in
no matter any of these full courses that
I'm doing. And when I posted this video,
this video, you know, was a one of 10 uh
16,000 views once again uh in just a
month. So, this will significantly
outperform in a year my initial YouTube
script writing course. This is you can
see here this graph is not stopping and
it is still going up and I'm very
confident that this video will hit
100,000 views too. So whenever I post a
full course like this it is a mega
banger because I spend a lot of time
making sure that the content is actually
engaging and the content is valuable for
the viewer. So this is me putting a
bunch of time into the pre-preparation.
Does it have to be an hour long?
Ideally, right? Does it have to be 4
hours long? Probably not. But as long as
you have a video that explains
everything that your viewer needs to
know, for example, if you are in the
real estate space and you are a real
estate agent in Dallas, if you had a
1-hour video explaining what people
moving to Dallas had to know before they
moved to Dallas and all of the different
properties that they could buy and
different types of properties, would
that help you get more sales as a real
estate agent? Right? If you had uh an AI
agent business, for example, that's
something that's super trending right
now, and you made a video that was one
hour long explaining all of the
different type of automations, you
building automations live for certain
service businesses, and that was
something that maybe didn't get a ton of
views immediately, but you could send to
certain business owners and they would
watch that. They would immediately know
what you're capable of implementing for
them. Would that be valuable for you and
would that actually build more trust
with your ideal audience? Right? And if
the answer is yes, then you need a
YouTube presentation. And that's how you
write the body of a YouTube
presentation. Let's go on to the next
one, the call to action. There are
really two types of call to actions that
you can do uh within your course. One is
a call to action to a product to book a
call or you can do a call to action to a
newsletter. When do you use which? I
think either is fine, right? And it's
really important to note that you want
to have your call to action all
throughout your video. You can see over
here in my slid, I've created this
outlier format cheat sheet. So whenever
I explained, hey, you need to use
outliers to find your video ideas. And
by the way, I you can get this cheat
sheet by subscribing to my newsletter.
So this is called a lead magnet funnel.
I'm giving them something in exchange
for their email. And whenever they give
me their email, I can start emailing
them on the list, right? And telling
them exactly what they will get when
they get emails from me. So, I
personally like growing a newsletter
because really I can ask in the video
and actually giving them something in
exchange for the email and I'm not
really selling anything in this video
because I generally don't like uh to you
know really hard pitch anything on the
video unless it's something that I've
given a ton of value for. But really in
this case right here we have cheat sheet
templates worksheets that we can give to
the viewer in exchange for their email.
It's really good to build an email list
that is something that is evergreen,
that's something that you own and not
owned by the YouTube algorithm. And you
can send consistent emails to actually
grow your audience and to nurture the
audience rather than hoping that the
YouTube algorithm refers the same person
to your YouTube videos. Or the other
call to action is to have a product or
book a call. Generally with a product or
book a call, you would place it
somewhere in the middle towards the end
of the video so that if someone gets to
the middle of the video or maybe like 10
minutes in, then you know they'll see,
oh, it's actually really valuable and
then they can book a call and decide to
work with you. This is more if you're
selling stuff businessto business, then
you can have a product or book a call.
Generally, I like to have a newsletter
because I can provide more value to the
audience in exchange for a simple email.
And really on the email, I'm just giving
them more and more value. So it builds
more goodwill and that is the reason why
I have the biggest YouTube script
writing brand even just off a single
video because I you know send emails and
I have this big YouTube video that
everyone knows me for. Next thing that I
want to talk about is the slide design.
Okay, because whenever you're making
slides like this, it is super duper
important to understand how to make the
design to make it as engaging as
possible. There are some people out
there who will make a set of Google
slides or a set of Gamma slides and it
is incredibly boring. Okay, the video is
just unwatchable. There's too much text
on screen, right? They're giving too
much information and it's not visually
stimulating at all. If you go to a
lecture at your university and there's a
chunk of text and you are just staying
on that slide for the longest and you
are waiting for it, how when are we
going to get to slide 70? We're at slide
30, we're at slide 40, when are we going
to get to it again? If it is dragging
like that because you have too much
information on your slide. So, a good
rule of thumb that I have is that one
slide has one graphic and one text. One
text meaning one headline. So, you want
to keep it as simple as possible. Once
again, if you refer back to my slides
here, you can see here headline graphic.
Right here, there's no graphic because
there's no graphic here. But headline
graphic, headline graphic, headline
graphic. So, really at a glance when I'm
looking at this, I immediately know what
I'm looking at. Right? I've given
example of Alex Moszi in the business
niche, videos from broader niches,
right? And it is very obvious, right?
You can see your headline, some text and
then graphics and then I just talk over
this and it's really easy for me to talk
over because I know the exact points
that I am talking about. This is very
easy to see and it's very visually
stimulating when I switch from slide to
side. This is an example of a set of
slides that I've made. You can see here
I've done it a little bit more
sophisticated with one of my more recent
courses where I include a space for a
facecam so that you know that okay over
here my facecam is on the right so it's
me talking I'm really the main focus and
then there's the text to supplement it
right so you can see here headline some
text right and headline headline some
text right and the graphic headline some
text and the graphic you can see here
this is mainly text because I'm breaking
down the script right but you can see
over here right it's very clear it's
very easy to read and we want to make it
so and we want to have like a ton and
ton and ton of slides. You can see here
just this me talking about hooks it is
166 slides. So in total if you look at
my full 4hour course this is about 1,500
plus PowerPoint Google slides. If you
look at this gamma that I've created,
which is an app for creating
presentations, this 1 hour 30 minute
video, this is 186 slides of pure value
that I created by hand, not with AI
because that is the only way that you
can ensure that the content is actually
valuable for your ideal customer. It's
by doing it by hand because the viewer
can smell when you are being
disingenuous and when you are not
actually putting effort into the
content. They can absolutely smell that.
When it is something valuable, they can
immediately tell and they will watch
from start to finish. But if you don't
put effort into it, you try to use AI
to, you know, sneak your way around it,
that's when your audience really feels
it. And that's when this blueprint
doesn't work because the full course is
probably one of the most valuable videos
that you can create on YouTube right
now. Just takes a ton of time, but it is
absolutely worth it for your business.
Last thing is traffic. How do you get
traffic to your video? So over here you
can see on my channel I've gotten
500,000 views on my channel uh lifetime.
And really this video has 250,000 of
those views. So I don't get a ton of
views on an average video basis. But of
the views that I get, every single
YouTube video that I have, I direct to
one of these mega full courses because
whenever I direct traffic from my
individual videos to this at the end
screen, I know that those views will
watch this full video and be
indoctrinated and know me very well
because I know many people like this
video. So generally, if I make another
video on script writing, I will be able
to direct that traffic to this video and
they will enjoy it. And because I pitch
my newsletter in this very specific
video, many people will join that and
they will once again come into my
ecosystem where I can send them valuable
emails and I can build goodwill. Really,
I want to iterate that you are only one
YouTube video away from your dream life,
right? You are one YouTube video away
from kind of doing anything that you
want in the world, right? because this
YouTube video has once again maybe the
most famous person in YouTube script
writing despite only having 500,000
views lifetime not even getting a ton of
views but many people know me as the
YouTube script writing guy because I
posted this one YouTube video full
course that they spent hours and hours
and hours on putting it together the
presentation getting the good
presentation skills understanding how to
script a good YouTube video how do I
make it visually stimulating for the
audience whenever I hit enter so that
they know okay they can read it they can
read it right and it's very easy for
them to follow right and once again for
this beginner's guide video,500 slides
record it put me 6 months of work just
like understanding all of the nuances of
what makes a good YouTube presentation
studying all of the big guys in terms of
what made a good YouTube presentation
for them and then turning that into an
asset of my own. So really a YouTube
presentation I believe it to be the one
of the most valuable assets that you can
build for your business. And now, if you
want a YouTube presentation made by me
and by my team for you, for your
business, if a YouTube presentation like
what I'm describing here is something
that would be super valuable to your
business, click the link in the
description and I will show you how you
can get this YouTube presentation done
for you by me and my team. So that all
you have to do sit in front of the
camera, say the exact hook, say the
exact words with the slides on it and
actually build an asset like this so
that you don't have to spend hours and
hours and hours like I did re-recording
this video multiple times until I got it
right and uh you can just have it for
your YouTube channel. This is a little
bit of a different video. This is a
little bit more of a raw rant on
something that I've been thinking about
and how I managed to execute something
like this and putting it into a
framework for you. So if you like this
kind of video, let me know in the
comments. Thanks for watching and I'll
see you in the next